# 5.1. Membership System

Contributions can be made in money, items and labor hence there are three categories in our organization for registered individuals: **Supporter, Sponsor and Volunteer**.

An individual can be a Supporter, Sponsor and Volunteer, at the same time.

> Children and their respective families anonymity is protected by Children and Young Persons \(Care and Protection\) Act, so real names and photos of the children displayed on the front-end are forbidden, with exception of the child's first name.

## 5.1.1. Supporters

Our organization's operational expenses are financed exclusively by supporters. We provide a way for individuals to make a reccuring monthly payments or one-time payment against our expenses.

Upon registration individual becomes our member and obtains a role of a supporter.

## 5.1.2. Sponsors

For individuals who want to provide help to a specific child, we provide a way to browse to our database of children, select one \(or more\) with a specific need\(s\), fulfill that \(or more\) need\(s\).

Upon registration individual becomes our member and obtains a role of a sponsor.

Sponsors can be one-time donors or permanent donors. They can donate items or money. Money can be donated as a one-time donation or reccuring donations.

An individual subscribes to a need of a child and becomes a sponsor for that need and the need is bound to the sponsor until he unsubscribes.

Sponsor can subscribe to one or more needs.

When following events events are activated:

* Christmas Gift
* Birthday Present
* Easter Gift
* Schools Supplies

and a sponsor was subscribed to one of these events in the past, he gets the option to resubscribe to the same need.

If sponsor declines, that particular need is freed and others can subscribe to it.

## 5.1.3. Volunteers

For persons who wants to contribute with their own labor, we organize hands-ons activities. Volunteers must posses required set of skills. Also, a volunteer can support the day-to-day operations of our organization.

Upon registration individual becomes our member and obtains a role of a volunteer.

> All members are eligible for a rewards via our **Rewards System**.

