# 5.5. Access Managment System

This section summarizes the minimum security and access requirements.

## User Registration

Site visitors **are not required to register** to access the **Public** content.

If visitor **registers**, he becomes a **Supporter, Sponsor or Volunteer** with a **Member role** and he will be able to manage his/her profile data.

## Anonymous User Registration

If visitor wants to make an anonymous donation, he/she can register/login as **Anonymous** user \(so application can also track those transactions\).

**Anonymous user can make a money donation only**.

All possibilities will be clearly explained to visitors prior to registration/authentication process.

## User Authentication

User authentication on application level will be implemented with Google Cloud Authentication Service.

> For details see Chapter: [4. Basic Functionality Requirements Details](/docs/4.&#32;Basic&#32;Functionality&#32;Requirements&#32;Details.md#Authentication)

## Roles

Simple **Access Managment System** with Role-based access control \(RBAC\) implementing mandatory access control \(MAC\) with three levels of user roles with different access rights.

1. **Admin**
2. **Staff**
3. **Member**

### Admin role

User with **Admin role** can access and manage all the content on application level.

Administrator manages accounts and assigns roles via **Account Management system**.

**Admin** user can only be authenticated through **Email/Password authentication provider**.

* [x] Access all content
* [x] Change profile data
* [x] Change profile photo
* [x] Manage roles
* [x] Add new user
* [x] Remove user
* [ ] Other - should be discussed with developer

### Staff role

User with **Staff** role has a restricted access and managment role.

**Staff** user can only be authenticated through **Email/Password authentication provider**.

* [x] Change profile data
* [x] Change profile photo
* [ ] Access different parts of application - should be discussed with developer

### Member role

User with **Member** role has a restricted access and managment role.

* [x] Change profile data
* [x] Change profile photo
* [ ] Access different parts of application - should be discussed with developer

