# 5.3. Members Valorization System

This sections describes a simple loyalty rewards points system and penalty system.

## 5.3.1. Rewards System

The goal of this system is to valorize/rate the contribution of our members.

This is a public system.

### Rewards System Rules

* **the system in permanent.**
* **the system applies to all members.**
* **the system has no time limit.**
* **every action/contribution by the member will be awarded by 1 point.**

  For example: for every financial payment, a Supporter gets 1 point, for every participation in Hands-on event a Volunteer gets 1 point etc.

* **points are cumulative.**
* **points earn a level.**
* **members get a medals**
* **members get a status icon**

### Rewards System Levels

When a members collects a certain required number of points it unlocks a level.

| Level | Points Required |
| :--- | :--- |
| _Iron_ | 1 - 5 |
| _Bronze_ | 6 - 20 |
| _Silver_ | 21 - 100 |
| _Gold_ | 101 - 300 |
| _Platinum_ | 301 - |

### Rewards System Rewards

Rewards are **loyalty cards** with a medal.

* _Iron Medal_
* _Bronze Medal_
* _Silver Medal_
* _Gold Medal_
* _Platinum Medal_

Loyalty cards are displayed on a member Profile page and a member has control over loyalty cards.

### Rewards System Status Icon

A status icon is displayed on the front-end \(PWA\), on a member's navbar by the member's image.

A status icon is displayed on the front-end \(PWA\)

## 5.3.2. Penalty System

The goal of to track members which do not fullfil their commitments and tag them as unreliable.

This is a private system.

### Penalty System Rules

* **the system in permanent.**
* **the system applies to all members.**
* **the system has no time limit.**
* **every action/contribution by the member will be awarded by 1 negative point.**

  For example: for not respecting the deadline a member gets 1 negative point, for breaking the Items policy a member gets 1 negative point etc.

* **points are cumulative.**
* **members get a status icon**

### Penalty System Repercussions

When a member collects 5 negatives points he will be put on the Policy Offenders List.

The Policy Offenders List is visible to the Admin and he can then taka adequate measures.

## Status Icon

A status icon is displayed on the on Admin-dashboard \(Electron Desktop\).

